1.	Where do you think you are lagging at in order to get placed?
2.	Have you cleared any of the written exam so far in Placements 2016?
3.	What might be the reason with respect to your experience in not clearing the written exams?
4.	How would you rate your preparation for placements on the scale of 10?
5.	How would you rate your preparation for the Written Exam?
6.	How would you rate yourself in the Quantitative Aptitude Section of Written Exam?
7.	How would you rate yourself in the Analytical Reasoning Section of Written Exam?
8.	How would you rate yourself in the Verbal Reasoning Section of Written Exam?
9.	How would you rate yourself in the Technical Ability Section of Written Exam?
10.	Do you have any suggestions to the Department Placement Team in helping you with respect to clearing written exam?
11.	Have you had a chance in facing any Face-Face interviews in the Placements 2016?
12.	What might be the reasons with respect to you in not clearing the Face-Face interviews?
13.	How would you rate your preparation for the Face-Face interviews?
14.	How would do you rate your confidence levels in facing the interviews?
15.	How would do you rate your clarity in speaking at the interviews?
16.	How would do you rate yourself in explaining technical concepts at the interviews?
17.	How would do you rate yourself in overall communication skills (including body language)?
18.	How many questions you have prepared with respect to RESUME in the view of interviews?
19.	How well you are prepared with answers for all the HR related questions?
20.	How would you rate your level of satisfaction with respect to your preparation efforts?
1.	How well you know the basic definitions in the Computer Science? 
2.	How would you rate yourself in the C programming language?
3.	How well you know Pointers in C programming Language?
4.	How much confident you are, in completing the Prime Number program with full accuracy in less the 5mins?
5.	How much confident you are, in completing the Fibonacci Number program with full accuracy in less than 5mins?
6.	How much confident you are, in completing the Palindrome Number program with full accuracy in less than 5mins?
7.	How much confident you are, in completing the Matrix Multiplication program with full accuracy in less than 5mins?
8.	How well you know the Data Structures Stack and Queue?
9.	How much confident you are, in completing the program for Operations on Stack with full accuracy in less than 5mins?
10.	How much confident you are, in completing the program for Operations on Queue with full accuracy in less than 5mins?
11.	How well you know the Data Structures, Linked Lists?
12.	How much confident you are, in completing the program for insertion of node in linked list with full accuracy in less than 5mins?
13.	How much confident you are, in completing the program for Deletion of node in linked list with full accuracy in less than 10mins?
14.	How much confident you are, in completing the program for reversing linked list with full accuracy in less than 10mins?
15.	How well you know the data structure Binary Search Tree?
16.	How much confident you are, in finding various traversals of a BST with full accuracy in less than 10mins?
17.	How well you can explain about the Recursion with an example?
18.	How well you can explain about the various sorting algorithms?
19.	How well you can explain about the hashing?
20.	How would you rate yourself in the JAVA programming language?
21.	How well you can explain the differences between C and JAVA?
22.	How well you can explain the different properties of OOPS?
23.	How well you can answer about the Polymorphism?
24.	How well you can answer about the different types of polymorphism?
25.	How well you can answer about the Inheritance?
26.	How well you can answer about the Constructor and Destructor?
27.	How well you can answer about the projects mentioned in the resume?
28.	How well you can answer about all the technologies mentioned in the resume?
29.	How well you can answer about the advantages of JAVA over C or C over JAVA?
30.	How would you rate your knowledge in the subject of DBMS?
31.	How well you can answer about the different keys in the RDBMS?
32.	How well you can answer about the ER Diagrams?
33.	How well you can answer about the Normalizations?
34.	How well you can answer about the SQL queries?
35.	How well you can answer the basic definitions from Operating Sytems?
36.	How well you can answer the basic definitions from Computer Networks?
37.	How well you can answer the basic definitions from Software Engineering?
38.	How well you can answer about the Testing Concepts of Software Engineering?
39.	How well you can answer about the Different Life Cycle models?
40.	What do you expect from Department of CSE with respect to enhance your career oppurtunities?
